Website: add documentation for `tag` and `titleTag` arguments (#2365)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/alert/partials/code/how-to-use.md

</Hds::Alert>
```

### Tag

> The `tag` value for the Alert Title changes the HTML element wrapping the title content. When organizing the content on a webpage, the heading levels should reflect the structure of the page. For example, if an Alert appears directly below the main heading of the page, it should be `"h2"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@tag` argument for the `Alert` component's yielded `Title` component changes the HTML element wrapping the title content. When organizing the content on a webpage, the heading levels should reflect the structure of the page. For example, if an Alert appears directly below the main heading of the page, it should be `"h2"`.
```

```handlebars

> <div class="doc-alert-flex-layout">

Author: Question: I added a new `alert.scss` file to add a margin below the heading, but for some reason the styles aren't being applied on the page. Am I missing a step for how to add styles to the component examples?

Author: Preview where you can see the margin isn't added: https://hds-website-qsdgf6qnj-hashicorp.vercel.app/components/alert?tab=code#tag

Author: ahh, ty @Dhaulagiri !

 <Hds::Text::Display @tag="h1" @size="500">Edit credit card</Hds::Text::Display>
</div>
<Hds::Alert @type="inline" @color="critical" as |A|>
  <A.Title @tag="h2">Form submission error</A.Title>
  <A.Description>Correct the formatting of the following fields to update your user profile:</A.Description>
  <A.Description>
    <Hds::Link::Inline @href="#" @color="secondary">Expiration date</Hds::Link::Inline>
  </A.Description>
</Hds::Alert>
```

!!! Insight

> The default `tag` is `"div"` because the correct value is dependent on the individual page. We highly encourage consumers to update the `tag` because it makes what screen readers announce to users match the visual experience.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to update this text with the same text in the beginning of this review. It references a specific SC and is is a little more emphatic about the need for the change.
